Ensure next/prev syntax works for `--startcp` option (#7024)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/7024.feat.md

> Ensure `next()/previous()` syntax works for the `cylc play --startcp` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for the `next()/previous()` syntax with the `cylc play --startcp` option.
```
